[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Buu absorbed Piccolo's brains
and Gotenks' brawn,
helping him to evolve further.
And if you really
wanted to become invincible,
then you should have
used your cowardly
little sneak attack
to absorb me instead.
[SUPER BUU]
You really don't get it, do you?
What's the point
of being the strongest
if there's no one to fight?
I'll kill you in battle,
no matter what it takes.
Then let's go.
[GOHAN yells]
What's the matter?
Why are you hiding down there
with your energy masked?
Are you trying
to buy yourself time?
You're clearly coming
to terms with the truth.
You know that you're no match
for me in this form.
[GOHAN]
We'll see!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[yells]
What happened?
I thought that you said
you were going to kill me?
[GOHAN groans]
You should really keep
an eye on your opponent.
I believe he trained you
to do that. Piccolo?
Shut your mouth!
What did I tell you?
[chuckles]
[GOHAN groans]
[groaning]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
I am the greatest warrior
in the universe!
There is none stronger!
And I'm not about to let
anyone surpass me!
[chuckles]
[MR. SATAN]
Where are ya, puppy?
Over there!
[BEE barking]
[screaming]
[chuckles]
This is goodbye.
[BEE barking]
[growling]
[MR. SATAN yells]
[yells]
[yelling]
This one's a technique
I'm borrowing from Gotenks.
So how does it feel to be done
in by a little child's trick?
[screaming]
[GOKU]
Damn! It's hopeless!
Gohan doesn't
stand a chance now!
He's finished! Damn it!
Well, I tell you,
this was not part of my plan.
It looks like
we've got no choice
but to send you
to give your boy a hand.
Yeah, wish I could. But I can't.
He's right, Great Ancestor.
Unfortunately,
Goku is no longer allowed
to set foot in the living world.
Please, don't you
think I know that?
What I'm proposing is a way
for him to get around all that.
I'll give up my life for his.
You'd sacrifice your life so I
could get mine back? Really?
Out of the question!
You mustn't go through
with this, Grand Supreme Kai!
Trading your esteemed life
for that of a mere mortal.
It's ludacris!
So you'd rather see the end
of the entire danged universe?
Majin Buu's sure to
stop here before he's done.
[KIBITO grunts]
Then let it be me who
exchanges his life for Goku's!
Sir! Bite your tongue!
I was the one who
failed to prevent Majin Buu
from being revived
and I was utterly useless
when it came to training
Gohan to defeat him!
Let me at least do something
to help fix this!
I won't hear of it.
You still have your youth.
Meanwhile,
I've got a millennium or so
before I'm put out
to pasture, so no biggie.
Are you sure, sir?
Thanks, old kai.
[ELDER KAI chuckles]
[DENDE]
Gohan, no!
[SUPER BUU yells]
Here's one I'm stealing
from another of your pals.
[yells]
You wish you could die
right now! I know you do!
[screaming]
But that would be too easy!
[screams]
[screaming]
Ho! He's a tough one.
[BABA]
What did you say?
You can't be serious!
I am. I thought something
like this might happen
so I decided to leave his soul
intact just in case.
I've also given him
back his body.
Go now and do what you do best.
For the record, I think
this is a terrible idea.
But if there's no other way,
I guess we've got no choice.
[VEGETA]
Must be in real trouble
to turn to a bad guy
like me for help.
Though I don't know
what makes you think
I can stop Majin Buu now
when I failed to do it
the first time around.
With great reluctance,
I ask you to escort Vegeta
back to Earth for me, Baba.
And hurry.
As you wish.
Me?! You want me to go?
I do. Yes. The world is at risk!
Yeah, but why should a
delicate older lady like me
have to go to a place
that a terrifying monster
is currently destroying?
It's up to you.
Me, as I am now?
[chuckles]
We're screwed.
[ELDER KAI humming]
Oh, Great Ancestor.
Well, time for me to check out.
[GOKU gasps]
[sobbing]
Thank you. Don't worry.
I won't let your
sacrifice go to waste.
In that case, better get going!
Aah!
Put some pep in your step!
Come on, let's go!
Do you want my death
to have been in vain?
[chuckles nervously]
[SUPER BUU grunts]
I told you masking your energy
won't do you any good.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
You just don't know
when to give up, do you?
Trying to delay the inevitable
for a few seconds?
[SUPER BUU] What's the matter?
Running out of steam?
You've definitely
gotten a lot weaker.
[GOHAN grunts, groans]
[SUPER BUU yells]
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
We're not done.
You're going to continue
entertaining me for as long
as you're still around.
--[SUPER BUU grunts]
--[GOHAN groans]
Aw, man! He's getting
absolutely clobbered out there!
Take your dog
and get away from here
before Buu goes after you!
Save yourself!
Well, as the martial arts champ,
it truly does pain me
to resort to using one of these,
but if push comes to shove,
my forty-five will
starting spitting flames
like an angry dragon!
Oh yeah, just you wait and see!
Okay, off I go!
Hang on just a
minute there, Goku!
There's something to be said
for rushing in headfirst,
but how exactly are you
planning to defeat Majin Buu?
No offense, sonny boy,
but in your present state,
I don't think you
and the kid working together
could put a stop to that
monster's reign of terror.
Oh. Well, uh... Mmmm, hmmm.
That's it, I know! Fusion!
Once I get back,
Gohan and I can use Fusion!
As long as we do that,
we'll win!
Fusion, eh? Hmmm.
You mean that stunt the
little ones tried out earlier?
That might work, it might not--
but do you really think
he's gonna stand around
and wait while you
go through that whole
complicated transformation
rigamarole?
All right, then what
am I supposed to do?
Why send me back to Earth
at all if you don't think
I can hold my own
against Majin Buu?
[chuckles]
Got just the thing. Here.
Now go ahead and put this Potara
earring on your left ear.
Uh, what is putting on jewelry
supposed to accomplish?
I don't know.
So, should putting this on
make me feel stronger?
'Cause it's just
making me feel silly.
No, no,
you've gotta have Gohan
put the other one
on his right ear.
Just by doing that,
the two of you can merge
into one super-warrior!
Kinda like your Fusion thing!
No way, really?
It's not just simpler,
it's more powerful
than Fusion, too!
This nifty little maneuver
has long been a secret weapon
for all us Supreme Kais.
It has? I didn't know that.
[ELDER KAI] Sheesh,
do they teach you youngsters
anything these days?
No wonder you're
such a weakling,
despite being a Supreme Kai!
[SUPREME KAI] Kibito,
did you know about this?
[KIBITO]
No, sir.
See for yourselves.
Give it a try using
your own Potara earrings.
[SUPREME KAI] Okay, Kibito,
let's give it a shot.
You take off your left earring
and I'll remove my right one.
--Understand?
--Yes, sir.
[ELDER KAI chuckles]
[KIBITO KAI gasping]
[laughing]
Amazing! So much power!
Whoa! No way!
This is great! Now I can fight
side-by-side with you, Goku!
Let's go to Earth and
show Buu what we've got!
Hold on, don't get
too cocky now.
You may be twice
as strong as before,
but you weren't
all that much to begin with!
If you go, you'll just
get absorbed by Buu.
So might as well chill here.
Okay.
Wow, these are really
gonna come in handy, old-timer!
So, once Gohan and I merge
together, how long will it last?
[ELDER KAI laughs]
The Potara don't have
that particular limitation.
The merger lasts forever.
There's no going back
to the way you were.
Did you say no going back?
Well, that's
something different.
You mean, Gohan and I
will be fused forever?
[ELDER KAI] If it were
possible to separate,
don't you think
I'd have done it by now?
Wait. Are you saying
you merged with someone
using the Potara?
[ELDER KAI]
It was a long, long time ago.
You see, back then, I was
a handsome young thing.
That is, until a
meddlesome witch snuck up
and snatched one of
my Potara earrings.
Well, what's this?
A boy wearing jewelry?
No, that's not right.
Aah. It would look
so much better
on a pretty girl like me.
[gasps]
[BOTH holler]
[ELDER KAI] And that's how
I wound up looking like this.
Of course, it's also
why I can perform magic,
like the kind you witnessed
earlier with Gohan.
If it's our only hope...
Oh no, I just
realized something.
After we get rid of Buu
and return Earth to normal,
am I gonna have to
go to Gohan's school?
[thudding]
Hi there.
Are you ready to give up?
[laughing]
[GOHAN]
Damn you.
[MR. SATAN] Hey, what's going on
down there? I can't tell.
I'm not really sure.
But I think that Gohan's
getting beaten up
pretty badly.
[yells]
[SUPER BUU yells]
Gohan!
[yelling, groans]
Don't worry. I'll heal you!
[SUPER BUU laughs]
He's a real mess and
I'm starting to get bored.
I think it's about time
I finish this.
Huh? What's he doing?
You're all right!
Thanks, Dende. I needed that!
Can't be! He's regained
all of his strength.
Who's the little pipsqueak
that helped him?
Huh, his energy seems
unchanged from before.
No power boost.
[chuckles]
Which means
he's just stretching out
the time he'll suffer.
[yells]
Oh yeah. Can't forget
the little pipsqueak!
Hey, look out!
Not to fear, I'll blast that
thing into a million pieces!
[SUPER BUU]
Huh?
[MR. SATAN laughs]
How'd you like that?
Oughta give you a taste of what
my hand canon is capable of!
What's that?
Whoa, Tien!
Am I glad to see you!
Gohan, it's you. I thought so.
You've gotten much stronger.
Incredible. I'm impressed.
And I'm just as shocked
by how much Buu's changed.
Ha! It seems there's another
meddling pest to deal with.
Oh well, at least
pests are easy to kill!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Tri-Beam!
[yells]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Nice try, but I
didn't feel a thing!
As I feared. We're on
completely different levels.
I'm not gonna be
of any help here.
Let's bring this
to an exciting conclusion.
[laughing]
This next blast
will wipe you out pest,
and the whole Earth!
Go ahead and try
to dodge it if you can!
[gasps]
Please forgive me, Majin Buu.
I have to do this!
Hey, wait. Do you think that
I should turn Super Saiyan
before I use this Potara thingy
to merge with Gohan?
No, best not to
strain yourself too much.
When you merge with
the Potara earrings,
you'll remain in
that state permanently.
That Super Saiyan thing you do
does a real number on your body.
If you're stuck
like that for good,
then you'll wind up shortening
your life significantly.
[GOKU]
Gotcha.
So, if you are gonna
turn Super Saiyan,
just make sure you do it
after you meld with Gohan.
Although, the power
of the Potara on its own
should be more than enough
without resorting to gimmicks.
Wow! I can't wait to try it!
[ELDER KAI]
Oh yeah, one more thing.
You can only use the Potara
once in your life.
You can't use it over
and over again. Got it?
[GOKU]
Hmm!
You have to hurry, Goku!
This looks bad!
Majin Buu is about to
destroy the planet!
[GOKU] Oh no,
you're right! I better go!
Good luck out there, Goku!
[GOKU]
See ya.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
I'll vaporize everything!
[laughing]
I'm sorry, old friend!
[continues laughing]
[grunts]
Dad, is that you?
Wait! How are you back on Earth?
Huh?
Buu's body's been torn apart!
And it's all because of me!
I'm so sorry, Buu!
But you didn't
leave me any choice!
Ah, Buu! Please forgive me!
[NARRATOR] Goku carries a secret
weapon from the Supreme Kais:
the Potara earrings.
Meanwhile, Vegeta is making
his way back to Earth.
A fierce new battle
with Majin Buu begins,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Uh oh! Before I even get the
chance to merge with Gohan,
he's absorbed by Majin Buu!
Who am I supposed to
fuse with now? Mr. Satan?
[SUPER BUU] I'll give you
a shot to merge with
one of your friends.
But who will you choose?
[GOKU]
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Whoa, you mean Dad and Vegeta?